Update install-postgres-db-helm.adoc (#202)
appuio/appuio-cloud-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-to/install-postgres-db-helm.adoc

[INFO]
====

> PostgreSQL fully managed by VSHN, on every cloudscale.ch cluster, for every workload. Ready in less than 2 minutes. https://docs.appcat.ch/vshn-managed/postgresql/create.html[Start here]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Effortlessly deploy PostgreSQL managed by VSHN, tailored for every workload. Ready in under 2 minutes. https://docs.appcat.ch/vshn-managed/postgresql/create.html[Start here] to learn more.
```
